reflection.md, before:

## Reflection Document

### HTML

I was able to complete the exersizes with the help of the code repository and some google searches. I did not need to watch any videos or look at the solutions.

The exercises were simple but helpful. I don't feel like I could write a complex webpage since it mostly consisted of minor changes to existing elements, however it is a good first step in becoming familiar with the code, fileds, and options.

I was surprised to find that the buttons in 04-form that did not lead anywhere did not cause any WAVE errors.

I don't know enough to think of anything that could or should have been explained better or any exercises that might have helped. All in all, this is a good start, sepecially after the explanaitions during the lecture.

### Accessibility

The issues were simple emough and I was able to modify code from the first section in order to fix the issues with radio buttons (without looking at the answers). I'm not sure how much the excersizes actually helped me learn, since they mostly focused on things we talked about in the first (HTML) section, but it's always good to go over things again.

### CSS

Enter your reflections on this section here.

Commit message:

finished Lab 3: CSS. Perhaps not perfect, but seems to do the job

reflection.md, after:

## Reflection Document

### HTML

I was able to complete the exersizes with the help of the code repository and some google searches. I did not need to watch any videos or look at the solutions.

The exercises were simple but helpful. I don't feel like I could write a complex webpage since it mostly consisted of minor changes to existing elements, however it is a good first step in becoming familiar with the code, fileds, and options.

I was surprised to find that the buttons in 04-form that did not lead anywhere did not cause any WAVE errors.

I don't know enough to think of anything that could or should have been explained better or any exercises that might have helped. All in all, this is a good start, sepecially after the explanaitions during the lecture.

### Accessibility

The issues were simple emough and I was able to modify code from the first section in order to fix the issues with radio buttons (without looking at the answers). I'm not sure how much the excersizes actually helped me learn, since they mostly focused on things we talked about in the first (HTML) section, but it's always good to go over things again.

### CSS

One thing I noticed was that it was difficult for me to discern between some different colors from the example picture. It might be helpful for the text to also indicate the color that it should appear as (or perhaps to have colors with more contrast between them).

I didn't look at the answers, though I did get stuck in a few places and had to google some questions to figure out what to do.

### Flexbox

### Grid

### Bootstrap

### Javascript

### Jquery
